respectfully I have to interrupt you
because we're always trying to bring
Live Events to our viewers this is a
press conference from the health
Ministry in Gaza let's listen in for the
36th day the total number of deaths
since the beginning of this war exceeded
11,000
Palestinians more than
4,500 children
3,000 women 700 Elders the total number
of injuries have exceeded
27,000 most of them are women and
children the situation across old
hospitals has reached unprecedented
point in the old history or
even modern history even in the
prehistoric area the Israeli occupation
forces continue to bombard hospitals
ambulances medical Crews failing or
turning a blind eye to the international
laws
ethics moralities or any practice it is
nothing but a genocide
War indiscriminate direct Shilling as we
speak ala Hospital according to the
latest reports the electric power was
cut off of most of the
hospital the fourth story of the
delivery unit was shill the Outpatient
Clinic was also shilled the outer gate
and the main yard and the walls were
also shilled as a result fire broke out
in the ambulance within the hospital
compound and as we speak the Israeli
occupation forces continue to besiege
and shell the hospital the baby born
incubate is now without
power the oxygen suppliers are also out
now there is nothing but inevitable
death this is what is waiting for the
patients and victims and as we speak I
receive the latest number 39 baby born
were killed this is the number I just
received 39 baby born were killed and
the blood of those children are on the
hands of Israel and the International
commun
Community 39 baby born were killed
because of lack of oxygen the electric
power is of those children's those
babies their blood is on the hands of
the International Community in the first
place and all the people of
conscience yes yesterday the hospital
was shed by white phosphorus this is
internationally banned weapon and we are
wondering who is responsible and who is
responsible for holding Israel to
account for Shilling alifa hospital with
white
phosphorus pediatric Children Hospital
was directly shelled and the incubators
were destroyed the solar panel producing
electricity and water tanks were also
destroyed as a result the hospital is
now without power water and now out of
operations however the medical Crews and
nurses are still inside the
hospital trying to save lives they
refuse to abandon their
duties those patients and victims are
left for nothing but imminent death
inevitable death and their
blood is on the hands of Israel and the
International
Community
R kidney hospital is also out of
operation it was shilled directly and it
was
engulfed by fire and since yesterday the
hospital also is
cordoned the Israeli occupation forces
in instead of allowing the delivery Aid
is
besieging hospitals instead of
supplying medicine oxygen and power they
are besieging hospitals with tanks Al
Hospital also was shelled large part of
the building was destroyed
ambulances and including the yard
medical Crews received warnings that it
must be
evacuated
however they refused and stood their
Ground Baptist Hospital only orthopedic
and surgery is still operating with
whatever left of the medical supplies
and resources
however the medical crews are short and
they sent a message for
volunteers another
the hospital the solar power and the out
patient Clinic were shilled as a result
it is totally out of service the
psychology hospital it was also directly
shed more than 50% of the building was
damaged and the hospital is totally out
of service the Indonesian hospital was
repeatedly shelled over the past week
and as we speak it is now besieged by by
the Israeli tanks recently this morning
it was shelled by tank
mortors as a
result it is totally out of service with
the exception of the Intensive Care Unit
that remains running on the last
generator the patients in the Intensive
Care Unit cannot be evacuated at any
point of time
that's why whatever left the only
generator running is serving those to
live provide a l a line for them to hang
on to
life Al Hospital uh of the Palestinian
red Cresent it is totally out of service
as a result of the direct damage only
the Intensive Care Unit remains running
and it's threatened of total stoppage
within a few hours for the same reasons
only a few hours
if it comes to a stop it means all those
patients in the Intensive Care units
will face imminent death the whole world
the United Nations and Israel are
responsible for
this the Turkish Hospital
the only Hospital dedicated for cancer
treatment it was shelled last week by
the Israeli occupation forces and it is
totally out of operation as a result
more than 10,000 cancer patients are
left without tra
treatment what's taking place in Gaza is
unprecedented hospitals shed bombarded
pounded cordoned
medical Crews paramedics civil defense
teams are tared innocent civilians are
targeted 20 out of the 35 hospitals are
totally out of operation unable to to
treat any victims or even the patients
already in either as a result of direct
bombardment or lack of fuel or absence
of electric power or The Siege laid
around the hospitals by the Israeli
tanks let alone the shortage of Medical
Teams who have been working day and
night 247 for the past 36 years what is
taking place now is a collective death
sentence victims and patients are left
to die are left to face imminent death
and never itable death even surgical
operations are carried out on mobile
phone lights
without you've just been listening to
the Palestinian Health Minister ma ala
speaking out of rala that's in the
occupied West Bank and uh just very
briefly the the the picture she's been
painting of the situation in hospitals
across Gaza has been absolutely Bleak
and it has also been absolutely in line
with everybody that we've spoken to this
morning including multiple people who
are inside gaza's largest hospital alifa
I say this as we are watching and
listening to continued shelling and
fighting in uh Gaza City that's what
you're seeing now uh so miss alila the
Palestinian Health minister in the West
Bank was um uh briefly recapping the
situation of hospitals including the
largest one Al shifa she was saying the
hospital has been shelled according to
her by white phosphorus she's accusing
the Israeli military of um shelling
alifa using white phosphorus which is an
internet intern Ally banned weapon um as
for alantis Hospital the psychology
Hospital the um Indonesian hospital she
says they've also been repeatedly
shelled most of them have lost power the
one unit that all hospitals those that
can are still um trying to power is the
ICU the Intensive Care Unit because if
power runs out there those patients well
those patients will they die